<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
    <ui:composition template="/template/commonLayout.xhtml">
        <ui:define name="pageTitle">What We Offer</ui:define>
        <ui:define name="pageBody">
                <div id="divBody" class="divMainPart">
                    <div id="divGames" class="divMainBody divMarginPadding divBorder">
                        <h2>What We Offer</h2>
                       <h3>Decision-Support</h3>
                        <p>In a data and information scarce environments, intelligence on key environmental system variables is value. For example, forecasting information on weather and water availability can improve agricultural outcomes through yield improvements at the farm levels. Furthermore,
knowledge about water resources and their space-time dynamics can increase an agencies function and role in capacity building dramatically. Better risk management in the case of extremes such as droughts and floods are added benefits. </p>
                        <p>Modern analytical decision-support systems synthesize data to create intelligence. Sources include crowd-sourced, user contributed data (bottom-up) as well as remotely-sensed data (top-down), data collected by official governmental infrastructure, etc...</p>
                        <p>The decision-support system allows users to manage these data in a comprehensive way and includes analytical methods for the
quantitative analysis of these data and for the production of the requested intelligence such as for example forecasts on water availability (flows, soil moisture and groundwater levels), hazard mapping and analysis and forecasting of extremal event, etc...</p>
                        <p>iMoMo employs a state-of-the-art data assimilation system. By utilizing all available data in a unified framework, data assimilation is a technique that a) reduces uncertainty and bias in a DSS and its output, b) improves forecast quality and c) estimates initial conditions of the hydro-climatological systems under consideration in an optimal way.</p>
                        
                        <h3>Motivation and Education</h3>
                        <p>Crowd-sourcing is only successful if sufficient amounts of relevant high-quality data are collected with good spatial and temporal coverage. For this, high levels of stakeholder motivation is a prerequisite. iMoMo addresses this challenge through the adoption of a comprehensive gamification approach. </p>
                        <p> Gamification instigates motivation through the use of serious games and education games. Serious games are games that are designed for the primary purpose other than entertainment and use a clever system of user-specific motivations and rewards during interaction with the
iMoMo system. </p>
                        <p>Two linked motivation cycles are at the core of iMoMo. The first one is built on the hypothesis that adequate rewards generate and help to maintain required levels of end user involvement with iMoMo. The basic system is built around the idea that the more an end user interacts with the system, the more information and intelligence she gets back in return. The social components.</p>
                        <p>Anthropotechnology provides the context for the gamification layer. It has a high score system built in that lets end users compete against others in their quest to ‘feed’ data to the system. Intra-system user communication exchange is enable through a chat-type system where
users from different regions can exchange knowledge and communicate with each other. 
                        </p>
                    </div>

                    <div class="divCommingSoon divMarginPadding">
                            <p:lightBox>
                                <h:outputLink class="linkImgCommingSoon" value="/web_portal_imomo/resources/img/offer1.jpg">     
                                    <p:graphicImage value="/resources/img/offer1.jpg" />  
                                </h:outputLink>
                                <h:outputLabel>iMoMo assimilates all available data, including in-situ measured and remotely-sensed, for the optimal provision of intelligence on water and other environmental resources and their dynamics.</h:outputLabel> 
                                <h:outputLink class="linkImgCommingSoon" value="/web_portal_imomo/resources/img/offer2.jpg">     
                                    <p:graphicImage value="/resources/img/offer2.jpg" />
                                </h:outputLink> 
                                <h:outputLabel>Gamification helps to incentivize participation in and continued interaction with iMoMo. Serious games offer rewards and education games provide learning opportunities.</h:outputLabel> 
                            </p:lightBox>
                    </div> 
                </div> <!-- fin div divCenter-->
        </ui:define>
    </ui:composition>
</html>

