<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
    <ui:composition template="/template/commonLayout.xhtml">
        <ui:define name="pageTitle">Current and Future Deployments</ui:define>
        <ui:define name="pageBody">
            <div id="divBody" class="divMainPart">
                <div id="divResearch" class="divMainBody divMarginPadding divBorder">
                    <h2>Current and Future Deployments</h2>
                    <h3>Current Test Deployment</h3>
                    <p>a small subcatchment of the larger Pangani River basin in Eastern Africa. The Themi River catchment is located in the north-western part of the Pangani basin. It covers roughly an area of 363 km2. Along the topographic gradient of the dormant volcano Mt. Meru, the climate changes dramatically from humid in the upstream to arid in the downstream over a distance of 50 kilometers only.</p>
                    <p>Due to the strong growth of Arusha city, the basin faces extraordinary population pressure. Conflicts between farmers and Maasai
pastoralists are regularly reported in the basin as both groups are trying to secure access to the ever dwindling water supplies.</p>
                    <p>Quantity and quality issues both exist in the catchment. They pose the biggest threat to the downstream communities which much of the year no longer receive water due to the strong growth of the consumptive use in the upstream.</p>
                    <p>Local partners are the Ministry of Water, Tanzania, the Pangani Basin Water Board, the International Union for Conservation of Nature, River and furrow committees as well as water user organizations.</p>
                    <h3>Future Roadmap and Partnerships</h3>
                    <p>In the near future and with further support from the Swiss Agency for Development and Cooperation, the iMoMo approach will be scaled up across the Pangani basin and implemented in selected catchments in Central Asia, starting autumn 2013.</p>
                    <p>In Central Asia, the Chu-Talas river basins in the border region between Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan have been identified for initial
application. The Chu and Talas rivers are showcase examples of transboundary rivers in the region which exhibit the typical international management problems related to upstream-downstream water supply and demand imbalances and imperfect data collection, management and sharing regimes.</p>
                    <p>Strong partnerships will be setup with key industry players and across all relevant ministerial levels in the respective countries. The establishment of further connections and linkages of the iMoMo initiative to global actors in the hydro-meteorological domain will be deliberately explored and actively pursued.</p>
                </div>

                <div class="divCommingSoon divMarginPadding">
                            <p:lightBox>
                                <h:outputLink class="linkImgCommingSoon" value="/web_portal_imomo/resources/img/research1.jpg">     
                                    <p:graphicImage value="/resources/img/research1.jpg" />  
                                </h:outputLink>
                                <h:outputLabel>In 2013, a test deployment of iMoMo was launched in the Themi River in Tanzania. Basin characteristics are a humid upstream, an arid downstream and significant population pressure.</h:outputLabel> 
                                <h:outputLink class="linkImgCommingSoon" value="/web_portal_imomo/resources/img/research2.jpg">     
                                    <p:graphicImage value="/resources/img/research2.jpg" />
                                </h:outputLink> 
                                <h:outputLabel>iMoMo will be scaled up in Eastern Africa and a similar approach implemented in Central Asia. Linkages to initiatives by other global actors will be explored and established.</h:outputLabel> 
                            </p:lightBox>
                </div> 
            </div> <!-- fin div divCenter-->
        </ui:define>
    </ui:composition>
</html>

